This is version 1.0 of the RBC library.  RBC is an extension of the Tcl/Tk
toolkit and contains refactored components from version 2.4 of the BLT 
library.  These components were refactored so that they would function 
with version 8.5 and of Tcl/Tk.

RBC is available from:
	www.sourceforge.net/projects/rbctoolkit/
	
More information on BLT is available from:
	www.sourceforge.net/projects/blt/files
	
RBC is intended to work with the following versions of Tcl/Tk:
	Tcl 7.5 / Tk 4.1
    Tcl 7.6 / Tk 4.2
    Tcl/Tk 8.0
    Tcl/Tk 8.1
    Tcl/Tk 8.2
    Tcl/Tk 8.3 
    Tcl/Tk 8.4
	Tcl/Tk 8.5
	
What?	
	Like BLT from which it came, RBC is an extension to Tcl/Tk.  The goal
	is that one day it will contain every component of BLT.
	
	
	RBC 1.0 contains the following components of BLT:
	
		graph, barchart, stripchart -
			These components use an X-Y coordinate system to plot data and
			is meant to be used with vector data objects.  The graphs will 
			automatically be redrawn should the vector data change.
		
		vector -
			This component is used to manage floating point values.  They
			are meant to be used to handle data for the plotting components.
		
		winop -
			This component provides basic window operations.
		
		eps -
			This component is used to embed an EPS file into the canvas 
			displaying either an EPS preview image found in the file, or a
			Tk image that is provided.
		
Why?
	RBC came into existence because of the need for BLT to be compatible 
	with versions 8.5 and later of Tcl/Tk.
	
Who?
	In order to fulfill degree requirements, the four of us undertook the
	refactoring of a few commonly used BLT components.  The project was
	proposed by an alumnus of the students' institute and was accepted by
	the school's Computer Science and Software Engineering Department. The
	project began in the Fall of 2008 and culminated on the students'
	graduation in the Spring of 2009.  In addition to refactoring parts of
	BLT, we also began developing a graphical data analysis tool that is 
	designed to work with RBC (and BLT) and be easily extensible.  For
	more information see the GDAT project available at:
	www.sourceforge.net/projects/gdat/
	
What Now?
	In keeping with the spirit of BLT, we have released this project to
	the open source community in hopes that you will continue development
	and add more components from the BLT library that are compatible with
	version 8.5 and later of Tcl/Tk.
	
Last updated Monday, May 18, 2009.

sjg,njh,sjs,jms